## ![Opis obrazka](https://www.tiobe.com/wp-content/themes/tiobe/tiobe-index/images/C.png) Learn more about C

C is a procedural programming language with a static system that has the
functionality of structured programming, recursion, and lexical variable
scoping. C was created with constructs that transfer well to common hardware
instructions. It has a long history of use in programs previously written in
assembly language.

W3Schools offers a wide range of services and products for
beginners and professionals,                                  helping millions
of people everyday to learn and master new                 skills.

C is a procedural programming language initially developed by Dennis Ritchie in
the year 1972 at Bell Laboratories of AT&T Labs. It was mainly developed as a
system programming language to write the UNIX operating system.

The C programming language is a procedural and general-purpose language that
provides low-level access to system memory. A program written in C must be run
through a C compiler to convert it into an executable that a computer can run.
Many versions of Unix-based operating systems (OSes) are written in C and it has
been standardized as part of the Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX).

C is a general−purpose, high−level language that was originally developed by
Dennis M. Ritchie to develop the UNIX operating system at Bell Labs. C was
originally first implemented on the DEC PDP-11 computer in 1972.

Are you looking to enhance your programming skills and explore new technological
career opportunities? If so, learning C programming can be a great starting
point. C programming is a widely used and versatile language that forms the
foundation for many other programming languages. In this article, we will delve
into what C programming (or C programming language) is, its key features and
advantages, and provide insights on how to learn it and build a successful
career in this field.

