## ![Opis obrazka](https://www.tiobe.com/wp-content/themes/tiobe/tiobe-index/images/Java.png) Learn more about Java

Java is a widely-used programming language for coding web applications. It has
been a popular choice among developers for over two decades, with millions of
Java applications in use today. Java is a multi-platform, object-oriented, and
network-centric language that can be used as a platform in itself. It is a fast,
secure, reliable programming language for coding everything from mobile apps and
enterprise software to big data applications and server-side technologies.

Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language that is designed to
have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let
application developers Write Once and Run Anywhere (WORA), meaning that compiled
Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for
recompilation. Java was developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems Inc. in
May 1995 and later acquired by Oracle Corporation and is widely used for
developing applications for desktop, web, and mobile devices. Java is known for
its simplicity, robustness, and security features, making it a popular choice
for enterprise-level applications. Java applications are compiled to byte code
that can run on any Java Virtual Machine. The syntax of Java is similar to
C/C++.

W3Schools offers a wide range of services and products for
beginners and professionals,                                  helping millions
of people everyday to learn and master new                 skills.

Java is a widely used object-oriented programming language and software platform
that runs on billions of devices, including notebook computers, mobile devices,
gaming consoles, medical devices and many others. The rules and syntax of Java
are based on the C and C++ languages.

The Javaâ„¢ Programming Language is a general-purpose, concurrent, strongly typed,
class-based object-oriented language. It is normally compiled to the bytecode
instruction set and binary format defined in the Java Virtual Machine
Specification.

