## ![Opis obrazka](https://www.tiobe.com/wp-content/themes/tiobe/tiobe-index/images/Python.png) Learn more about Python

Notice: While JavaScript is not essential for this website, your interaction
with the content will be limited. Please turn JavaScript on for the full
experience.

W3Schools offers a wide range of services and products for
beginners and professionals,                                  helping millions
of people everyday to learn and master new                 skills.

Python is one of the most widely used programming languages. Learn more about
how its used for everything from machine learning to building websites and
software testing.

Python is a programming language that is widely used in web applications,
software development, data science, and machine learning (ML). Developers use
Python because it is efficient and easy to learn and can run on many different
platforms. Python software is free to download, integrates well with all types
of systems, and increases development speed.

What type of language is Python? Python is an interpreted, object-oriented,
high-level programming language with dynamic semantics developed by Guido van
Rossum. It was originally released in 1991. Designed to be easy as well as fun,
the name "Python" is a nod to the British comedy group Monty Python. Python has
a reputation as a beginner-friendly language, replacing Java as the most widely
used introductory language because it handles much of the complexity for the
user, allowing beginners to focus on fully grasping programming concepts rather
than minute details.   Python is used for server-side web development, software
development, mathematics, and system scripting, and is popular for Rapid
Application Development and as a scripting or glue language to tie existing
components because of its high-level, built-in data structures, dynamic typing,
and dynamic binding. Program maintenance costs are reduced with Python due to
the easily learned syntax and emphasis on readability. Additionally, Python's
support of modules and packages facilitates modular programs and reuse of code.
Python is an open source community language, so numerous independent programmers
are continually building libraries and functionality for it.  Python Use Cases

Python is a high-level, general-purpose, interpreted object-oriented programming
language. Similar to PERL, Python is a programming language popular among
experienced C++ and Java programmers.

Python is a programming language that is interpreted, object-oriented, and
considered to be high-level too. What is Python? Python is one of the easiest
yet most useful programming languages which is widely used in the software
industry. People use Python for Competitive Programming, Web Development, and
creating software. Due to its easiest syntax, it is recommended for beginners
who are new to the software engineering field. Its demand is growing at a very
rapid pace due to its vast use cases in Modern Technological fields like Data
Science, Machine learning, and Automation Tasks. For many years now, it has been
ranked among the top Programming languages.

